now it came to pass in the ninth year of
his reign in the tenth month on the
tenth day of the month but
Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon and all
his army came against Jerusalem and
encamped against and they built a siege
wall against it all around so the city
was besieged until the eleventh year of
King Zedekiah by the ninth day of the
fourth month the famine had become so
severe in the city that there was no
food for the people of the land then the
city war was broken through and all the
men of war fled at night by way of the
gate between two wards which was by the
Kings garden even though the Chaldeans
were still encamped all around against
the city and the king went by way of the
plain but the army of the Chaldeans
pursued the king and they overtook him
in the plains of Jericho all his army
was scattered from him so they took the
king and brought him up to the king of
Babylon a tribler and they pronounced
judgment on him then they killed the
sons of Zedekiah before his eyes put out
the eyes of Zedekiah bound him with
bronze fetters and took him to babylon
and in the fifth month on the seventh
day of the month which was the 19th year
of King Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon
never the Radin the captain of the guard
a servant of the king of Babylon came to
Jerusalem he burned the house of the
Lord and the King's house all the houses
of Jerusalem that is all the houses of
the great he burned with fire
and all the army of the Chaldeans who
were with the captain of the guard broke
down the walls of Jerusalem all around
them neighbors are Aden the captain of
the guard carried away captive the rest
of the people who remained in the city
and the defectors who had deserted to
the king of Babylon with the rest of the
multitude but the captain of the guard
left some of the poor of the land as
vine dressers and farmers the bronze
pillars that were in the house of the
Lord and the carts and the bronze see
that were in the house of the Lord the
Chaldeans broke in pieces and carried
their bronze to Babylon they also took
away the pots the shovels the trimmers
the spoons and all the bronze utensils
with which the priests ministered the
fire pants and the basins the things of
solid gold and solid silver the captain
of the guard took away the two pillars
one see and the carts which Solomon had
made for the house of the Lord the
bronze of all these articles was beyond
measure the height of one pillar was 18
cubits and the capital on it was of
bronze the height of the capital was
three cubits and the network and
pomegranates all around the Capitol were
all of bronze the second pillar was the
same with a network and the captain of
the guard took Syria the chief priest
Zephaniah the second priest and the
three door keepers he also took out of
the city an officer who had charge of
the men of war five men of the king's
close associates who were found in the
city
the chief recruiting of a server the
army who mustered the people of the land
and sixty men of the people of the land
who were found in the city so neighbors
are Rayden
captain of the guard took these and
brought them to the king of Babylon a
tribler
then the king of Babylon struck them and
put them to death at Riddler in the land
of hamath thus Judah was carried away
captive from its own land then he made
get a liar
the son of a hikin the son of shaphan
governor over the people who remained in
the land of Judah whom Nebuchadnezzar
king of Babylon had left now when all
the captains of the armies they and
their men heard that the king of Babylon
had made get a liar governor they came
to get a lie at Misbah Ishmael the son
of Nathania johanna the son of korea
seraya the son of tan houmous been a
tougher fight and jay as an ayah the son
of a mayic effect they and their men and
get a liar took an oath before them and
their men and said to them do not be
afraid of the servants of the Chaldeans
dwell in the land and serve the king of
babylon and it shall be well with you
but it happened in the seventh month
that Ishmael the son of Nathania
the son of Allah Shima of the royal
family came with 10 men and struck and
killed get a liar the Jews as well as
the Chaldeans who were with him at
Misbah and all the people small and
great and the captains of the armies
arose and went to Egypt for they were
afraid of the Chaldeans now it came to
pass in the 37th year of the captivity
of Jehoiakim king of Judah in the 12th
month on the 27th day of the month
but evil Marauder king of babylon in the
year that he began to reign released
Jehoiakim king of Judah from prison he
spoke kindly to him and gave him a more
prominent seat than those of the Kings
who were with him in Babel ii so jehovah
can changed from his prison garments and
he ate bread regularly before the king
all the days of his life and as for his
provisions there was a regular ration
given him by the king a portion for each
day all the days of his life
you